New features in `azurerm_storage_management_policy` (#11163)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_management_policy.html.markdown

    }
    actions {
      base_blob {
        tier_to_cool_after_days_since_modification_greater_than    = 10.4
        tier_to_archive_after_days_since_modification_greater_than = 50.89

>         delete_after_days_since_modification_greater_than          = 100.13

Reviewer: again these are breaking changes?

* `prefix_match` - An array of strings for prefixes to be matched.
* `blob_types` - An array of predefined values. Valid options are `blockBlob` and `appendBlob`.

> * `match_blob_index_tag` - A `match_blob_index_tag` block as defined below. The block defines the blob index tag based filtering for blob objects.
> ~> **NOTE:** This property requires enabling the `blobIndex` feature with [PSH or Cli commands](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/manage-and-find-data-with-blob-index-for-azure-storage-now-in-preview/) before setting the block `match_blob_index_tag`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `match_blob_index_tag` - A `match_blob_index_tag` block as defined below. The block defines the blob index tag based filtering for blob objects.

~> **NOTE:** The `match_blob_index_tag property requires enabling the `blobIndex` feature with [PSH or Cli commands](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/manage-and-find-data-with-blob-index-for-azure-storage-now-in-preview/). 
```

---

`actions` supports the following:

* `base_blob` - A `base_blob` block as documented below.
* `snapshot` - A `snapshot` block as documented below.
* `version` - A `version` block as documented below.

---

`base_blob` supports the following:

> * `tier_to_cool_after_days_since_modification_greater_than` - The age in days after last modification to tier blobs to cool storage. Supports blob currently at Hot tier. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `tier_to_archive_after_days_since_modification_greater_than` - The age in days after last modification to tier blobs to archive storage. Supports blob currently at Hot or Cool tier. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `delete_after_days_since_modification_greater_than` - The age in days after last modification to delete the blob. Must be between 0 and 99999.

Reviewer 2: could we change these property names to be a little more clear? as well as fix the wording of the descriptions
```suggestion
* `change_tier_to_cool_after_days_without_modification` - The age in days after last modification to tier blobs to cool storage. Supports blob currently at Hot tier. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `change_tier_to_archive_after_days_without_modification` - The age in days after last modification to tier blobs to archive storage. Supports blob currently at Hot or Cool tier. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `delete_after_days_without_modification` - The age in days after last modification to delete the blob. Must be between 0 and 99999.
```

---

`snapshot` supports the following:

> * `delete_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days after creation to delete the blob snapshot. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `tier_to_archive_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days after creation to tier blob snapshot to archive storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `tier_to_cool_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days after creation to tier blob snapshot to cool storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.

Reviewer 2: after implies greater thern
```suggestion
* `delete_after_days` - The age in days after creation to delete the blob snapshot. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `change_tier_to_archive_after_days` - The age in days after creation to tier blob snapshot to archive storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `change_tier_to_cool_after_days` - The age in days after creation to tier blob snapshot to cool storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
```

Reviewer 2: also properties are should be in alphabetical order?

Author: There will be fields named "delete_after_days_since_last_modification_greater_than", so I changed them into "delete_after_days_since_creation"?

Author: And these will be different from existing field name.

---

`version` supports the following:

> * `delete_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days after creation to delete the blob version. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `tier_to_archive_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days after creation to tier blob version to archive storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
> * `tier_to_cool_after_days_since_creation_greater_than` - The age in days creation create to  tier blob version to cool storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.

Reviewer 2: same here
```suggestion
* `delete_after_days` - The age in days after creation to delete the blob version. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `change_tier_to_archive_after_days ` - The age in days after creation to tier blob version to archive storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
* `change_tier_to_cool_after_days ` - The age in days creation create to  tier blob version to cool storage. Must be between 0 and 99999.
```
